<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1 /xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
     
<body>
    <ui:composition>

        <ul>
            <li><a href="#homePage">Home Page</a></li>
            <li><a href="#register">Register</a></li>
            <li><a href="#loginPage">Login Page</a>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="#loginForgotten">Forgotten password</a></li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            <li><a href="#editProfile">Edit Profile</a></li>
            <li><a href="#dashboard">Dashboard</a>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="#manageGroups">Manage Groups</a>
                        <ul>
                            <li><a href="#signUpForGroup">Sign Up For Group</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#signOffFromGroup">Sign Off From Group</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#createGroup">Create Group</a>
                                <ul>
                                    <li><a href="#addRemoveUser">Add/Remove Registered
                                            User</a></li>
                                    <li><a href="#addRemoveTutor">Add/Remove Tutor</a></li>
                                </ul></li>
                            <li><a href="#editGroup">Edit Group</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#deleteGroup">Delete Group</a></li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li><a href="#manageVideos">Manage Videos</a>
                        <ul>
                         	<li><a href="#createVideo">Create Video</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#editVideo">Edit Video</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#generateToken">Access Tokens</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#addUsers">Add Users to Video</a></li>
                            <li><a href="#distributeEvaluationReport">Edit Publication
                            Settings</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#deleteVideo">Delete Video</a></li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
            <li><a href="#manageUsers">Manage Users</a>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="#createTutorOrAdmin">Create User</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#searchRegisteredUser">Search Registered User</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#banUser">Ban user</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#unbanUser">Unban user</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#editUser">Edit User</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#deleteUser">Delete User</a></li>
                </ul></li>
        </ul>
        </li>
        <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>

        </ul>
        <h2>
                    <a name="homePage">Home Page</a>
                </h2>
                <p>
                    Put the token you received in the field called "Video Token" to get
                    direct access to the assigned video.<br />Use the menu on
                    top to navigate through the provided functionality.
                </p>
                <h2>
                    <a name="register">Register</a>
                </h2>
                <p>
                    Create a new account to get further access to groups,
                    and videos.<br />You have to provide the following
                    information:

                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>a valid e-mail address</li>
                    <li>a safe password (letter-figure-symbol
                        combination)<br />Has to contain at least three of the following character sets: 
                         <ul>
                          <li>lower-case letters</li>
                          <li>upper-case letters</li>
                          <li>figures</li>
                          <li>special characters</li>
                         </ul>
                        </li>
                    <li>your academic title</li>
                    <li>your first name</li>
                    <li>your last name</li>
                    <li>your gender</li>
                    <li>your country</li>
                </ul>
                <p>
                	Your first name, last name, country and gender are published on your profile page.
                	Further data can be entered optionally. You can set whether this optional data should be shown in your public profile.
                </p>
                <h2>
                    <a name="loginPage">Login Page</a>
                </h2>
                <p>
                    Login here with your e-mail address and password to get access to
                    the dashboard and additional functions.<br />Before you can login
                    you have to <a href="#register">register</a>.
                </p>
                <h2>
                    <a name="loginForgotten">Forgotten password</a>
                </h2>
                <p>
                    If you have forgotten your password, use this function set a new one. Simply click on "Forgotten?" and enter
                    your e-mail address. The system will send you an email with a special link inside. Following this
                    link you will be redirected to a page where you can enter your new password.<br />    
                </p>
                <p class="note">
                        <span>Note:</span> This link is only two days valid.
                </p>
                <h2>
                    <a name="editProfile">Edit Profile</a>
                </h2>
                <p>
                    The profile page offers you to change your personal details.<br />The
                    required details:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>your e-mail address</li>
                    <li>your password (at least 7 characters, letter-figure-symbol
                        combination)<br />Has to contain at least three of the following character sets: 
                         <ul>
                          <li>lower-case letters</li>
                          <li>upper-case letters</li>
                          <li>figures</li>
                          <li>special characters</li>
                         </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>your academic title</li>
                    <li>your first name</li>
                    <li>your last name</li>
                    <li>your gender</li>
                    <li>your country</li>
                </ul>
                <p>
                	Your first name, last name, country and gender are published on your profile page.
                	Further data can be entered optionally. You can set whether this optional data should be shown in your public profile.
                </p>
                <h2>
                    <a name="dashboard">Dashboard</a>
                </h2>
                <p>The dashboard provides the entry point to additional
                    functions for logged in users.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Authorized get the possibility to <a href="#signUpForGroup">edit their profile</a>.
                    </li>
                    <li>Authorized participants get a list of all available groups
                        which they can <a href="#signUpForGroup">sign up</a> for or <a href="#signOffFromGroup">sign off</a> from.
                    </li>
                    <li>Authorized tutors additionally get the opportunity to <a
                        href="#createGroup">create</a>, <a href="#createGroup">edit</a>
                        and <a href="#deleteGroup">delete groups</a> as well as an option
                        to <a href="#addRemoveUser">add and remove registered users
                            from the list of participants</a>. Within those groups videos
                        can be <a href="#createVideo">created</a>, <a
                        href="#editVideo">edited</a> and <a
                        href="#deleteVideo">deleted</a>.
                    </li>
                    <li>Authorized administrators additionally get the opportunity
                        to see a list of the registered users as well as an option to <a
                        href="#createTutorOrAdmin">create tutors or administrators</a>, <a
                        href="#banUser">ban</a>, <a href="#editUser">edit</a> or <a
                        href="#deleteUser">delete users</a>. A search function is also
                        provided.
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <h3>
                    <a name="manageGroups">Manage Groups</a>
                </h3>
                <p>Here you get a list of all the available groups that you can
                    sign up for. You have tabs to order the groups. <br/>
                    You can display all visible groups, the groups you are attendant 
                    off or groups which you do own.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="signUpForGroup">Sign Up For Group</a>
                </h4>
                <p>Using this button you can sign up for an group. If you are
                    signed up, you will get access to videos a tutor releases
                    within this group.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="signOffFromGroup">Sign Off From Group</a>
                </h4>
                <p>If you are no longer interested in the videos a
                    certain group provides, you can sign off from the group using this
                    button.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="createGroup">Create Group</a>
                </h4>
                <p>
                    To <a href="#createVideo">create a video</a> you
                    first have to set up an group to which it can be assigned after.<br />To
                    create an group you have to provide:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>a group name</li>
                    <li>an annotation whether the group should be only visible for attendants or not</li>
                </ul>
                <h5>
                    <a name="addRemoveUser">Add/Remove Registered User</a>
                </h5>
                <p>
                    To add/remove a user to/from your group click the button "add user
                    to group"/"remove user from group" within the row of the selected user - navigate through
                    the lists pages by clicking the page-numbers.<br />Using the
                    search box simplifies the process of adding users.
                </p>
                <h5>
                    <a name="addRemoveTutor">Add/Remove Tutor</a>
                </h5>
                <p>
                    To add/remove a tutor to/from your group click the button "add
                    tutor to group"/"remove tutor from group" within the row of the selected tutor - navigate
                    through the lists pages by clicking the page-numbers.<br />Using
                    the search box simplifies the process of adding users.
                </p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="editGroup">Edit Group</a>
                </h4>
                <p>The following information about your group can be changed:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>the group name</li>
                    <li>the annotation whether the group should be only visible for attendants or not</li>
                </ul>
                <p>
                    <a href="#addRemoveUser">Read here how to add/remove users
                        to/from your group.</a>
                </p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="deleteGroup">Delete Group</a>
                </h4>
                <p>Using this button you will delete an group.</p>
                <p class="note">
                    <span>Note:</span> All corresponding data gets lost! This includes
                    videos.
                </p>
                <h3>
                    <a name="manageVideos">Manage Videos</a>
                </h3>
                
                <p>List all available videos with their related actions.<br />The
                    list additionally contains all the relevant information such as the
                    corresponding group and the current status of the
                    video.<br />There are arrows to order the videos.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="createVideo">Create Video</a>
                </h4>
                <p>To create a new video the following information is
                    needed:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>a video name</li>
                    <li>the group to which the video belongs</li>
                    <li>an optional description</li>
                    <li>the publication settings</li>             
                </ul>
                <h4>
                    <a name="editVideo">Edit Video</a>
                </h4>
                <p>
                    The following video data can be edited:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>the video name</li>
                    <li>the group to which the video belongs</li>
                    <li>the optional description</li>
                </ul>
                <h4>
                    <a name="convertVideo">Video konvertieren</a>
                </h4>
                <p>
                    Folgende Videoformate können konvertiert werden:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>mp4</li>
                    <li>wmv</li>
                    <li>optional</li>
                </ul>
                <h4>
                    <a name="distributeVideo">Edit Publication Settings</a>
                </h4>
                <p>To distribute a previously created videos make use of
                    one of the following possibilities:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Set the optional activation time for the video.</li>
                    <li>Set the optional deactivation time for the video.</li>
                    <li>Define a general password that allows to enter the video
                        if this publication setting was set.</li>
                    <li>Generate a list of tokens if this publication setting was set.</li>
                    <li>Send token to specific registered users if this publication setting was set.</li>
                </ul>
                <h5>
                    <a name="addUsers">Add Users to Video</a>
                </h5>
                <p>
                    You can use this page to invite users to enter a video. Use the button "add user to video" to invite a user.
                    To remove an already invited user use the "remove user from video" button. You may use the search field to easily locate a user
                    you want to invite.
                    <br />
                    Instead of inviting registered users, you can also invite users by entering a list of e-mail addresses.
                    Each e-mail address has to be entered in a seperate line into the field labeled "send tokens to list".
                </p>
                <h5>
                    <a name="generateToken">Access Tokens</a>
                </h5>
                <p>
                    Here you can set the number of generated tokens and generate a printable list of tokens.
                </p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="deleteVideo">Delete Video</a>
                </h4>
                <p>To delete a video click on the "delete" button on the right.</p>
                <p class="note">
                    <span>Note:</span> All corresponding data is getting lost!
                </p>
                <h3>
                    <a name="manageUsers">Manage Users</a>
                </h3>
                <p>
                The list of users can be ordered with tabs. You can show all users, 
                only tutors or only administartors.
                   <br/> You can see a list of all registered users with shortcuts to <a
                        href="#banUser">ban/unban</a>, <a href="#editUser">edit</a> or <a
                        href="#deleteUser">delete</a> a user.<br />Using the field on top
                    allows you to <a href="#searchRegisteredUser">search for an
                        existing user</a>, clicking on "Create User" lets you <a
                        href="#createTutorOrAdmin">create a new tutor or administrator</a>.
                </p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="createTutorOrAdmin">Create User</a>
                </h4>
                <p>
                    Create a new tutor or administrator within the application.<br />At
                    first you have to select whether you want to create a tutor or an
                    administrator, then you have to enter the following additionally
                    required details of the new user:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>his/her (valid) e-mail address</li>
                    <li>his/her academic title</li>
                    <li>his/her first name</li>
                    <li>his/her last name</li>
                    <li>his/her gender</li>
                    <li>your country</li>
                </ul>
                <p><br />You can also create a normal user in the same way explained above.</p>
                <p class="note">
                    <span>Note:</span> The user gets a new generated password sent by email after creating him.
                </p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="searchRegisteredUser">Search Registered User</a>
                </h4>
                <p>Searching for a user providing an e-mail address or name.</p>
                <p class="note">
                    <span>Note:</span> You have to enter a complete firstname, lastname or email-adress to find the searched user.
                </p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="banUser">Ban user</a>
                </h4>
                <p>Banning a user prohibits him to login any longer hence he
                    gets locked out of the area for registered users.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="unbanUser">Unban user</a>
                </h4>
                <p>Unban the specified user to enable him to login again.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="editUser">Edit User</a>
                </h4>
                <p>
                    This page offers you to change a users information.<br />The
                    information that can be changed is:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>his e-mail address</li>
                    <li>his academic title</li>
                    <li>his first name</li>
                    <li>his last name</li>
                    <li>his gender</li>
                    <li>your country</li>
                    <li>his role</li>
                </ul>
                <p><br />In addition it is possible to reset his password to a new one
                    which gets randomly generated and is sent to him in an e-mail.</p>
                <h4>
                    <a name="deleteUser">Delete User</a>
                </h4>
                <p>This button deletes a user from the system.</p>
                <p class="note">
                    <span>Note:</span> Deleting a tutor results in removing him from
                    all his groups and videos - should there be no assigned
                    tutors left, the group is set to "invisible". To bring this group
                    back online an administrator has to assign a tutor to it.
                </p>
                <h2>
                    <a name="contact">Contact</a>
                </h2>
                <p>Send a message to the system administrator, report bugs you
                    noticed or suggest improvements.</p>
    </ui:composition>
</body>
</html>